hey guys welcome back to another video
so in this video we're going to go ahead
and tackle the D brand for the Nexus 6
so got it made I decided to go with a
black leather back for mine
so gonna do this install right here on
camera I'll show you what it looks like
after applied there's videos out showing
you how to put on the brand directly
from the D brand company and it should
be pretty simple to put this on so I've
cleaned the back on my phone cuz you
wanna make sure you clean it off no dust
or anything and this would be this feels
really good I'm gonna line this up well
the D Brown you can actually take it on
and off which is pretty nice if you
don't like how it's lined up they teach
you in the video they're like snatch it
up really quickly so let's see how this
alright guys as you can see you actually
have my leather back for the D brand on
my phone and wow I gotta admit this
wasn't as easy as I thought it was gonna
be I probably should have opted for just
the X in the middle but I wanted it to
say Nexus and I finally got it lined up
perfectly how I liked it it's actually
learned right up well I'm not gonna
front I was gonna go ahead and show this
on camera but I've made so many mistakes
and I pulled it off ten times but you
know I had to get it right cuz it's
gonna be staying on there and it's not
coming off it doesn't have a reason to
come off but I opted for this black
leather back and I'm pretty excited
about it
finally no more fingerprints slip on the
back I hate it the fingerprints were
just man so annoying but if you don't
have a deep brand I definitely recommend
you get one there it is Nexus 6 is ready
to go now deeper ended all day
I got this for 11 bucks actually it said
it was gonna be 13 but they only charged
me 11 I bought it during the Black
Friday timeframe so maybe that's why but
man this is I should actually got this
cover too now that I have the leather on
here Wow it would have been nice to just
get that covered up as well this is
super nice I'm super excited about my D
brand so I will see you guys in the next
video stay tuned there this stuff coming
take care